Now that we have state inside of our application,
the next step is to figure out how to update it.
Your natural intuition might be to update the state directly.
Unfortunately, that's not going to work.
The reason is because by mutating the state directly,
React will have no idea that the state of your component actually changed.
To solve this problem,
React gives you a helper method called setState.
There are two ways to use setState.
The first way is by passing setState a function.
The function will be passed the previous state as its first argument.
The object return from this function,
will be merged with the current state to form the new state of the component.
Instead of passing setState a function,
the second pattern is to pass an object.
This object will be merged with the current state to form the new state of the component.
Typically, you want to use the functional setState when
the new state of your component depends on the previous state.
And for everything else,
you can use the object setState.
However, I always prefer to use the functional setState.
But regardless of how you use setState,
the end result will always be the same.
Whenever you invoke setState,
React by default is going to re-render your entire application and update the UI.
This is why we say that in React,
your UI is just a function of your state.
Once your state changes,
your UI will automatically update accordingly.